Echoes: Logic Updates and Video Upload (#5327)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Changed: When Progressive Grapple is enabled, it will now show `2 shuffled copies` rather than `Shuffled` for better consistency.
- Changed: A proper error message is displayed when mono is not found, when exporting a game on macOS and Linux.

#### Logic Database

> - Added: 15 videos to the logic database. see the [Video Directory]

Reviewer: see -> See

(https://randovania.github.io/Metroid%20Prime%202%20Echoes/) for the full collection 
- Added: Comments to some Beginner Bomb Jump tricks

##### Sanctuary Fortress:

> - Added: Watch Staton: Bomb Space Jump (Advanced) to reach the Spidertrack (Standable Terrain (Advanced)) to reach the Bomb Slot with an Instant Morph (Advanced)

Reviewer: Staton -> Station
Spidertrack -> Spider Track

```suggestion
- Added: Accessing the portal in Watch Station with a Bomb Space Jump (Advanced) to reach the Spider Track, Standable Terrain (Advanced) to reach the Bomb Slot, and an Instant Morph (Advanced)
```

Reviewer: This still need adjusting

Author: I knew I'm bad at phrasing things lul. Should be good now tho.
